fix: add a config to force Faker::Internet generates .example domain (#2506)
faker-ruby/faker: README.md

* This is the `master` branch of Faker and may contain changes that are not yet released.
  Please refer the README of your version for the available methods.
  List of all versions is [available here](https://github.com/stympy/faker/releases).

> * Prevent Generating Real Domain Names/Email Address
>   Normally `Faker::Internet.email` returns an url like `john@crona.co` which potentially generating a real email address.  
>   To prevent this issue, you can use **internet safe mode** to make Faker to change the domain suffix to be `.example`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Faker::Internet.email` and `Faker::Internet.url` generate potentially real domain names and email addresses. To prevent generating real test data, set `Faker::Config.internet_safe_mode = true`. Faker will generate URLs and email addresses with the `.example` domain suffix.
```

  for example:

  ```ruby
  Faker::Internet.email # => "user@domain.com"

  Faker::Config.internet_safe_mode = true
  Faker::Internet.email # => "user@domain.example"
  Faker::Internet.url # => "http://marks.example/vern"
  Faker::Internet.domain_name # => "brown.example"
  ```

  `.example` is a TLD for testing purpose, see [RFC2606](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2606).  
  You may add the config in the `spec_helper.rb` or Rails initializer file

> 

Reviewer: Could you move this to the `Faker::Internet` docs? Then, we could have a link to it as "Click here for more details".

Also, that doc will probably need to be updated as well.
